TELCODOCS-778 OVN/OVS Troubleshooting guide (#54155)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-ovn-kubernetes-list-resources.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/ovn_kubernetes_network_provider/ovn-kubernetes-architecture.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="nw-list-all-resources-ovn-kubernetes-project_{context}"]
= Listing all resources in the OVN-Kubernetes project

.Prerequisites

> 

Reviewer: There is no introduction here.

Author: intro added

> * Access to the cluster as a user with the cluster-admin role.
> * The OpenShift CLI (oc) installed.
> 
> .Procedure
> 
> . Run the following command to get all resources, endpoints, and configmaps in the OVN-Kubernetes project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Access to the cluster as a user with the cluster-admin role.
* The OpenShift CLI (oc) installed.

.Procedure

. Run the following command to get all resources, endpoints, and config maps in the OVN-Kubernetes project:
```

Author: seems to be ConfigMaps in docs in other places
